[Private Network Access] Mention delay in preflight blog post. (#2243)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/private-network-access-preflight/index.md

  - agektmr
description: Chrome is deprecating access to private network endpoints from non-secure public websites as part of the Private Network Access specification. Read on for recommended actions.
date: 2022-01-06
updated: 2022-03-07
hero: image/VbsHyyQopiec0718rMq2kTE1hke2/iqanYAE91Ab6BsgwhBjq.jpg
alt: An airplane in the sky
tags:
  - chrome-98
  - security
---

> **Updates**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Aside 'warning' %}
```

- **March 7, 2022**: The experiment in Chrome 98 has been rolled back due to

>   stability and compatibility issues discovered during the rollout to Chrome

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  stability and compatibility issues discovered in the rollout to Chrome
```

  stable. These issues will be fixed before the experiment is tried again, no

>   earlier than in Chrome 101. See the [blink-dev@chromium.org Intent to Ship

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  earlier than in Chrome 101. Learn more in the [blink-dev@chromium.org Intent to Ship
```

   width="800", height="265"
%}

> Note that if your request would have triggered a regular CORS preflight were it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your request would have triggered a regular CORS preflight without
```

> not for Private Network Access rules, then two preflights may appear in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private Network Access rules, then two preflights may appear in the
```

network panel, with the first one always appearing to have failed. This is a

> [known quirk](https://crbug.com/1290390), and you may safely ignore it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[known bug](https://crbug.com/1290390), and you can safely ignore it.
```
